1365138211
Application	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreatePhotos	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/db/migrate/20130328223237_create_photos.rb	class CreatePhotos 
FotoServer	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/config/application.rb	module FotoServer
Photo	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/models/photo.rb	class Photo 
PhotoTest	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/unit/photo_test.rb	class PhotoTest 
PhotosController	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	class PhotosController 
PhotosControllerTest	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/functional/photos_controller_test.rb	class PhotosControllerTest 
PhotosHelper	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/helpers/photos_helper.rb	module PhotosHelper
PhotosHelperTest	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/unit/helpers/photos_helper_test.rb	class PhotosHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/db/migrate/20130328223237_create_photos.rb	  def change
create	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/zznq/Projects/railroad/foto-server/app/controllers/photos_controller.rb	  def update
